
TRIPODS-EDUCATION github INSTRUCTIONS: VIEWING AND MODIFYING THE REPOSITORY

SJW 7/18/18.

VIEWING. A github repository called wrightstephen/TRIPODS-EDUCATION
has been created to share educational materials that can be used in
"fundamental data science" courses - summer schools, university
courses, short courses, etc. These include slides, videos, review
papers, chapters from texts, and so on.

You can see and download this repository without registering at
github, by going to https://github.com/wrightstephen/TRIPODS-EDUCATION

On the home page of the repository, you'll see a short statement
describing the policies for the site, and some notes on how it is
structured.

To pull a local copy of the repository to your machine (assuming that
git is installed on your machine), proceed as follows: Go to a
terminal window on your computer, go into a fresh directory, and type

git clone https://github.com/wrightstephen/TRIPODS-EDUCATION.git

This produces the following output on my terminal:

Cloning into 'TRIPODS-EDUCATION'...
remote: Counting objects: 23, done.
remote: Total 23 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 23
Unpacking objects: 100% (23/23), done.

it has created a new directory called "TRIPODS-EDUCATION". You can
navigate into this directory to see the various materials that have
been posted. (Currently it contains some slides and papers that I
posted in Dec 2017.)

CONTRIBUTING AND MODIFYING. To contribute materials, or otherwise
change the contents of the repository, you'll need some familiarity
with basic git commands, and you'll need to register at github.com and
send me your github username.

Basic commands for handling git repositories include:

clone, pull, commit, add, push

You can find out more about these by googling terms, such as "git
clone", "git commit". A basic tutorial can be found on the github home
page at github.com.

You can register for a free account at github.com. You'll create a
username and password and choose an email address by which to
register.

To be added as a "collaborator" to the repository, send your username
and registered email to me: swright@cs.wisc.edu

I will add you as a contributor to the repository and notify you.

Go to github and log on. You should see the repository listed as one
of yours.

